Add requests.Session compatibility docs (#449)
encode/httpx: docs/compatibility.md

## Advanced Usage

### requests.Session

> HTTPX equivalent of `requests.Session` is `httpx.Client` for standard synchronous API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTPX equivalent of `requests.Session` is `httpx.Client`.
```

```python
session = requests.Session(**kwargs)
```
is equivalent to
```python
client = httpx.Client(**kwargs)
```

> More detailed documentation and usage of `Client` can be found in [Advanced Usage](advanced.md).

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't get this in my first review — should we try to keep the Markdown formatting consistent here? I believe it is encouraged to put lines between various elements, i.e.:

```markdown
### requests.Session

The HTTPX equivalent of `requests.Session` is `httpx.Client`.

\```python
session = requests.Session(**kwargs)
\```

is equivalent to:

\```python
client = httpx.Client(**kwargs)
\```

More detailed documentation and usage of `Client` can be found in [Advanced Usage](advanced.md).
```

> More detailed documentation and usage of `Client` can be found in [Advanced Usage](advanced.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed documentation and usage of `Client` can be found in [Advanced Usage](advanced.md).
```
